What are the names of the accounts listed? Administrator, Guest, ITEUser, Krizzi, Kristján Logi.

Select the Groups folder. Name five groups from the list. Administrators, Backup Operators, Guests, Power Users, and Users

Which group does your account belong to? Administrators

What is Student01 required to do when logging in the first time? Change password

What group does User01 belong to? Users

From the description, can the members of the Users group make system wide changes? What can the
Users group do on the computer? Þeir Geta ekki Gert stórar breytingar en þeir geta opnað flest forrit og notið tölvuna

Who are the group members? Student01, Student02, Staff01, Staff02,

Were you successful in creating the new account? Maður for ekki aðgang maður getur ekki gert nydan user útaf það hefur áhrif á allri tölvunni

Were you able to navigate to www.cisco.com? Já

 what can the members do in this folder? þeir see era í ITEStaff grubbing half read execute list folder contents go read aðgang

Which additional checkbox would you select? Full Control boxið

Navigate to the folder C:\Students. Create a folder named Student01 and create a text document in the folder. Were you successful? Já maður hefur fulla notkun af þessum folder


Navigate to the folder C:\Staff. Create a folder named Student01 and place a text file in the folder. Were you successful? nei hafa ekki aðgang af því


Navigate to C:\. Can you place a text file in the Staff folder? Can you modify the text file in folder Student01? Student hafa ekki aðgang af Staff folderinum enn þeir hafa fullan aðgang af Stundent folderinum
 
Navigate to the folder C:\Students. Are you able to access the content in the Student01 and Student02 folders? Student01 hefur aðgang af Studen01 folderinum enn hann hefur ekki aðgang af Student02 folderinum
 

Navigate to the folder C:\. Were you able to access the content in the folders Staff, Student\Student01 and Student\Student02? Þeir hafa aðgang af öllu mögulegu

Can you log on as Staff02? nei hann hefur verið disablead

How would you give administrative privileges on the local computer to all the members of ITEStaff? maður þarf að fara í Control Panel > Administrative Tools > Computer Management > Local Users go Groups > hægri smella Add to Group. Ýtið á add ITEStaff to the group Administrator.




